Starbucks Corporation Statement on 
Modern Slavery, Forced Labor, and 
Child Labor
FOR FISCAL YEAR 2025
2025 Starbucks Modern Slavery Statement   |
1
2025 Statement on Modern Slavery
This statement is made pursuant to the requirements of Section 54 of the United 
Kingdom (UK) Modern Slavery Act 2015; Section 9 of Canada’s  Fighting Against Forced 
Labour and Child Labour in Supply Chains Act (“The Canada Act”); and the California 
Transparency in Supply Chain Act of 2010 on behalf of the Starbucks Corporation group 
of companies (collectively, “Starbucks”), including Starbucks EMEA Ltd, Starbucks Cof-
fee Company (UK) Ltd and Starbucks Coffee Canada, Inc. (“Starbucks Canada”).  Glob-
ally, Starbucks has policies and programmes designed to prevent, identify, assess, ad-
dress, and mitigate the risk of forced labor across our operations and value chains that 
cover both Starbucks EMEA Ltd, Starbucks Coffee Company (UK), and Starbucks Cana-
da. Accordingly, this Statement outlines Starbucks actions to prevent, identify, assess, 
address, and mitigate forced labor and child labor. The following statement reflects 
the activities and efforts undertaken to address forced labor by Starbucks during the 
financial year ending 28 September 2025 (“FY25”). 
For the purpose of this Statement, references to modern slavery are inclusive of forced 
labor, human trafficking, and child labor, in accordance with internationally recog-
nized human rights standards. For more information on our commitment to respecting 
human rights, please see our Global Human Rights Statement and our annual Global 
Impact Report.
Our Business Structure and Value Chain
The Starbucks group is headquartered in the United States, and the ultimate parent 
company is Starbucks Corporation. Starbucks has more than 40,000 coffeehouses in 
89 markets, which include a mix of company-operated and licensed coffeehouses. 
We offer a range of products that customers enjoy in our coffeehouses, at home, and 
on the go – including coffee, handcrafted beverages, merchandise, and food.  We sell 
coffee, tea, food, and related products to licensed coffeehouses for resale to custom-
ers. Additionally, we sell a variety of consumer-packaged goods through partnerships 
with other global brands and joint ventures. 
Starbucks operates a large, multi-tier global supply chain built around coffee, other 
agricultural commodities, manufactured goods, and services. Starbucks has direct re-
lationships with suppliers, vendors, contractors, consultants, agents, distributors, and 
other providers of goods and services. 
|  2025 Starbucks Modern Slavery Statement
2
Starbucks also has indirect suppliers which may include farmers that do not contract 
directly with Starbucks, intermediary processors and sub-suppliers of ingredients, 
packaging, and components to Starbucks direct manufactured goods.
Starbucks EMEA Ltd and Starbucks Coffee Company (UK) Ltd. are subsidiaries of Star-
bucks Corporation. Starbucks Coffee Company (UK) Ltd is the primary UK operating 
entity. Within the UK, there are over 1,300 company-operated and licensed coffee-
houses, with more than 500 company-operated coffeehouses.
Starbucks Coffee Canada, Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Starbucks Corporation. 
Starbucks Canada has over 1,400 company-operated and licensed coffeehouses, with 
more than 20,000 partners (employees) at the company-operated coffeehouses 
in Canada. Starbucks Canada imports goods produced outside of Canada, including 
goods from Starbucks Corporation in the U.S. Goods are sold and distributed within 
Canada, including in company-operated and licensed coffeehouses. In this state-
ment, Starbucks Canada is the sole reporting entity under the Canada Act.
We strive to lead by example through our evolved mission: To be the premier purvey-
or of the finest coffee in the world, inspiring and nurturing the human spirit — one 
person, one cup and one neighborhood at a time.
We look forward to continuing to update our stakeholders on our approach to ad-
vancing respect for human rights through human rights due diligence, including work 
to mitigate industry-wide risks of forced labor.
Our Human Rights Policies
Starbucks is committed to advancing respect for human rights consistent with the 
International Bill of Rights, ILO Core Labor Standards, Children’s Rights and Business 
Principles, United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, and the 
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development Guidelines for Multina-
tional Enterprises. Starbucks prohibits all forms of forced labor, as outlined in our pol-
icies below.
Our Global Human Rights Statement informs the decisions we make that impact 
our relationships with our key stakeholders, including farmers, suppliers, customers, 
business partners, and communities. 
2025 Starbucks Modern Slavery Statement   |
3
The Starbucks Board of Directors has responsibility for risk oversight and exercises 
such oversight directly over certain enterprise-wide risk categories and has delegat-
ed oversight responsibility for certain risk categories to its standing Committees.  As 
part of this risk oversight, the Board of Directors, or where relevant, its standing com-
mittees, receives updates on our human rights policies, risk management practices, 
and global programs from members of our executive leadership team, responsibile 
for effective management of human rights issues across the company.  
Starbucks global human rights team is responsible for working across our organiza-
tion to develop our human rights policies and strategy focused on setting our key 
commitments, identifying our salient risks, and supporting programs that are de-
signed to embed respect for human rights across our value chain.  The human rights 
team provides leadership updates and drives key decision-making on human rights 
issues through a cross-functional leadership committee. Teams across the organi-
zation have responsibility for implementing due diligence efforts that support our 
Global Human Rights Statement and commitments. The global human rights team 
led a cross-functional effort to develop this Statement.
Since 2004, Starbucks has been a member of the U.N. Global Compact. We work to 
support and advance the principles of the Global Compact’s standards on human 
rights and labor, including forced labor. For more information on our latest Global 
Compact report, review here. 
To further our ongoing efforts to source products and ingredients across our sup-
ply chain in line with our human rights commitments, we have established policies 
and programs with the aim of ensuring that our suppliers uphold our expectations in 
business ethics, human rights, and environmental standards. We recently updated 
our Supplier Code of Conduct to better reflect our principles, expectations, and re-
quirements. 
Our Supplier Code of Conduct contains detailed guidance on Starbucks standards for 
respecting labor and human rights. Human rights topics covered include: forced labor 
and human trafficking, child labor, responsible recruitment, migrant workers, wages, 
benefits and working hours, freedom of association and collective bargaining, safe 
and healthy working conditions, and equality and non-discrimination.
|  2025 Starbucks Modern Slavery Statement
4
Starbucks takes a risk-based approach to verifying compliance with its Supplier Code 
of Conduct. The Supplier Code of Conduct allows for both announced and unan-
nounced inspection of their records, facilities, and operations. Verification may be 
conducted by Starbucks or a third party designated by or otherwise acceptable to 
Starbucks and may include inspections, employee interviews, and a review of re-
cords, books, and business practices. Starbucks expectation is that suppliers have a 
process for timely correction of any nonconformities or violations identified by an  
internal or external audit, assessment, inspection, investigation, or review. Failure to 
comply with the Supplier Code, failure to comply with verification activities, or fail-
ure to work with Starbucks or a third party to correct noncomplying situations, are 
grounds for cancellation of open orders, discontinued use of noncomplying sites, or 
termination of our business relationship.
We conduct training for partners (employees) who support or execute Starbucks 
sourcing of goods and services and suppliers in scope of that program. The training 
covers our zero-tolerance approach to forced labor and the process to follow for re-
mediation if an issue is found in our manufacturing supply chain.  
Our relevant policies and disclosures include:
• Global Human Rights Statement
• Starbucks Standards of Business Conduct
• Supplier Code of Conduct
• Starbucks Coffee and Farmer Equity (C.A.F.E.) Practices
• Starbucks Global Impact Report
We work to provide safe, confidential, and accessible grievance channels to all in-
dividuals impacted by our operations and products. Starbucks does not tolerate re-
taliation against or the victimization of anyone who raises concerns or questions re-
garding a potential violation of our Global Human Rights Statement. Our Ethics and 
Compliance Helpline, which can be accessed anytime online or by phone, is a re-
source to ask questions or raise concerns. Available in multiple languages, and acces-
sible locally in many geographies, Partners or individuals that experience or see con-
duct that is inconsistent with our Global Human Rights Statement may use our Ethics 
and Compliance Helpline to raise concerns. Reported concerns specifically related to 
human rights are escalated to the appropriate team at Starbucks. 
2025 Starbucks Modern Slavery Statement   |
5
Human Rights Impact Assessment
As part of our ongoing human rights due diligence, Starbucks conducts human rights 
impact assessments as appropriate, including on forced labor, aligned to the UN 
Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. 
Starbucks, in partnership with third-party organization Article One, completed its 
inaugural enterprise-wide independent Human Rights Impact Assessment in 2023, 
consistent with the OECD Human Rights Due Diligence Framework. The report is made 
public here. The human rights assessment included a review of publicly available in-
formation and internal data to identify and assess potential and actual adverse human 
rights impacts across Starbucks business and value chain, which included Starbucks 
operations and supply chain, as well as impacts on customers and local communities. 
The impacts identified were evaluated against the United Nations Guiding Principles 
on Business and Human Rights severity criteria to understand which impacts may 
pose the most severe negative impacts on people. The assessment also considered 
the likelihood of these events occurring in the future and where Starbucks has suf-
ficient leverage—and may be uniquely positioned—to take action to mitigate these 
impacts, including through industry collaboration. 
As part of our human rights impact assessment, we identified forced labor as a salient 
risk to workers in our agricultural commodities, manufactured goods, and services 
supply chains. Across our value chain, in FY25, we continued to take action and lever-
age human rights impact assessment learnings and findings.
Starbucks management is responsible for the preparation and integrity of the infor-
mation reported for FY25. Through a system of internal controls, including a verifi-
cation process involving internal subject matter experts, we believe this information 
accurately represents our ongoing commitment to managing risk of forced labor and 
child labor within our own operations and supply chains.
|  2025 Starbucks Modern Slavery Statement
6
Supply Chain Due Diligence
We recognize that some supply chains may present inherence, industry-wide risks 
of forced labor, child labor, and other potentially hazardous working conditions, and 
we work to adopt approaches that are designed to prevent and mitigate these risks 
where we identify them. We have conducted human rights impact assessments, es-
tablished forced labor policies as part of our Global Human Rights Statement and 
Supplier Code of Conduct, and implemented sourcing programs that assess for hu-
man rights risks, a description of which is set out below.  Starbucks has maintained 
and operated programs that aim to help identify, prevent, and mitigate adverse hu-
man rights impacts, as well as partnered with external organizations on remediation.
We expect suppliers to establish and maintain effective grievance mechanisms and 
complaints procedures to receive and respond to concerns relating to the topics dis-
cussed in the Supplier Code, expecting that they provide access to remedy consistent 
with the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.
Starbucks works to trace its supply chain for some commodities, and we take a risk-
based approach to gaining greater traceability of suppliers beyond Tier 1.
Starbucks has also contracted an independent service provider to undertake a sup-
ply chain risk mapping exercise to identify gaps in our supply chain assessments and 
traceability and continue to apply our risk-based approach to prioritize further due 
diligence efforts.
We remain committed to implementing our responsible sourcing program globally. 
Our approach includes the specific efforts set out below, including responsible pur-
chasing practices, farmer support efforts, social responsibility standards for suppli-
ers, and environmental programs.
Our Approach to Responsible Sourcing
2025 Starbucks Modern Slavery Statement   |
7
We work to source premium arabica coffee responsibly. We do this by setting clear 
expectations, reviewing and verifying how our coffee is grown and traded, and work-
ing with farmers and suppliers to improve practices over time.
More than 20 years ago, in partnership with Conservation International, we pio-
neered one of the coffee industry’s first sourcing programs that reflected our am-
bition to responsibly source coffee: Coffee and Farmer Equity (C.A.F.E.) Practices. The 
program helps assess and improve how coffee is grown, processed and traded across 
our green coffee supply chain.  It provides a set of checkpoints against which farms 
are assessed through an independent third-party verification process designed to 
identify and address risks. As of FY25, nearly 400,000 coffee farms are part of sup-
ply chains verified against the C.A.F.E. Practices standard, a process overseen by SCS 
Global Services. 
In FY25, more than 99% of Starbucks coffee was sourced from C.A.F.E. Practices-ver-
ified supply chains.  More information about C.A.F.E. Practices can be found here: 
C.A.F.E. Practices standard. 
C.A.F.E. Practices includes a zero tolerance indicator for any form of forced labor and 
child labor. For zero tolerance non-conformity issues brought to our attention through 
C.A.F.E. Practices, we require our suppliers and our on-the-ground, third-party part-
ners to pursue corrective actions. Due to the seasonal nature of coffee production, 
some zero tolerance indicators may only be resolved during the harvest period when 
the majority of temporary workers are present and therefore fully resolving these in-
dicators may require waiting until the next coffee harvest.In the event a zero-toler-
ance indicator cannot be resolved in a timely manner, a supply chain will be consid-
ered non-compliant and not eligible for C.A.F.E. Practices approval until resolution 
is possible. We do not buy from supply chains undertaking corrective actions to fix 
zero-tolerance indicators, and commercial relationships are suspended until a ze-
ro-tolerance issue is considered resolved. Our annual  Global Impact Report includes 
additional information.  
Coffee
|  2025 Starbucks Modern Slavery Statement
8
During FY25, Starbucks operated 10 Farmer Support Centers in coffee-producing 
countries around the world where Starbucks agronomists and other partners (em-
ployees) in-region work with farmers to learn and implement the latest findings and 
best practices in agronomy, quality and social responsibility. In FY25, over 40,000 
people were trained through the Farmer Support Centers. In Guatemala, we have 
partnered with suppliers and external organizations to work to mitigate child labor 
risk by supporting childcare centers that operate during the coffee harvest. In FY25, 
we supported the operation of 13 childcare centers.
2025 Starbucks Modern Slavery Statement   |
9
Assessing Risk: We are partnering with a third-party to conduct a human rights 
risk assessment in Brazil. This includes hundreds of interviews with workers and 
management to identify key risks and root causes. Insights will guide strategies 
to prevent and mitigate risks across the supply chain.
Building Capacity: Through a two-year training program with National Rural 
Learning Service (SENAR-MG), a non-profit rural vocational training institution 
in Brazil, we are providing training for C.A.F.E. Practices farmers on working con-
ditions and health and safety requirements. 
Supporting a Grievance Mechanism: In 2025, Starbucks and two other exter-
nal partners funded Nossa Voz in Brazil, supporting ongoing operations and ex-
pansion of a pilot worker-centered grievance mechanism operated by expert 
risk organization LRQA. It was originally conceived and supported by the Global 
Fund to End Modern Slavery and LRQA and funded by the US Department of 
Labor. Currently about 55 farms participate, and we’re working to expand en-
gagement.
Engaging at the Industry Level: We collaborate with industry and human rights 
experts to address systemic labor challenges. Our Farmer Support Center par-
ticipates in multi-stakeholder events, shares tools and resources, and engages 
in dialogue on sustainability and working conditions. Starbucks is also a mem-
ber of InPACTO, the National Pact Institute working toward the eradication of 
forced labor in Brazil by working on key strategies, such as bringing together 
stakeholders across the Brazilian coffee sector, identifying risk areas, and pro-
moting collective actions.
Advancing Respect for Human Rights in 
our Brazil Coffee Supply Chain
Brazil is one of our key coffee sourcing regions, where we also have salient human 
rights risks like other companies sourcing coffee from the country. Building on the 
results of Starbucks Human Rights Impact Assessment, Starbucks works to un-
derstand risk at a regional level in key coffee sourcing origins, including in Brazil. 
There, we have invested in assessments and targeted steps designed to strength-
en protections for workers and advance respect for human rights.
Collective Action: We have prioritized working with expert organizations to pre-
vent and mitigate human rights risks in Brazil. Earlier initiatives that began in 2020 
focused on work to improve living and working conditions on farms led by Global 
Coffee Platform Brazil and responsible labor recruitment efforts led by Verite.
Expanding Local Support: In 2021, we opened our 10th Farmer Support Center in 
Varginha, Minas Gerais, providing resources and collaboration opportunities for 
local coffee producers as well as deepening our local engagement.
Brazil-Specific Human Rights Action Plan: In 2024, we developed a Brazil-spe-
cific human rights action plan, and in 2025 continued to implement that plan. 
Outlined below is what the action plan focuses on:
Our Journey So Far
|  2025 Starbucks Modern Slavery Statement
In FY25, Starbucks central tea buying team sourced 2,848 metric tons of tea from 
farmers who achieve Rainforest Alliance certification, an increase from the previ-
ous year. 
As members of the Ethical Tea Partnership (ETP) since 2005, we collaborate with 
others in the industry to share information and support their work to identify and 
mitigate industry-wide issues. 
Tea
In FY25, Starbucks central cocoa purchasing team sourced 24,915 metric tons of 
cocoa from farmers who achieved Rainforest Alliance certification, which sets hu-
man rights and environmental requirements aligned to global due diligence frame-
works. Because of lower demand, sourcing volume of Rainforest Alliance certified 
cocoa was slightly lower than in FY24.  
Starbucks is committed to working with sector initiatives to advance effective 
solutions and strengthen our contribution to the cocoa sector as a member of the 
International Cocoa Initiative, the Swiss Platform for Sustainable Cocoa, and the 
World Cocoa Foundation, and as outlined further below.  
Addressing the salient challenges across the cocoa industry requires aligned col-
lective action. We are a signatory of the Cocoa and Forests Initiative Framework, 
focused on collectively ending cocoa-related deforestation.
Cocoa
Other Sourcing of Goods and Services
Our responsible sourcing program of manufactured goods and services includes 
beverages, food, merchandise, equipment, furniture, and logistics providers. Con-
tinuous improvement is the cornerstone of our program, and regular on-site fa-
cility assessments based on risk to identify potential or actual violations of our 
standards have been a key part of our strategy since 2006. 
10
2025 Starbucks Modern Slavery Statement   |
During FY25, Starbucks maintained collaborative engagement with the following or-
ganizations and initiatives:
• The Cocoa and Forest Initiative (CFI): The CFI aims to protect and restore forests 
that have been degraded, address the root causes of deforestation by invest-
ing in sustainable agriculture and improved incomes of cocoa farmers, and focus 
on strong community engagement and social inclusion. It particularly focuses on 
women and youth to promote an inclusive community using management mod-
els. Since 2022, Starbucks has been a signatory to the Cocoa and Forest Initiative 
Framework.
In FY25, we conducted over 300 facility assessments with 150,000 workers achieving 
98% transparency in facilities assessed. We focus on where we have risk and work to 
take action when issues arise. If concerns arise with a supplier’s practices, we aim to 
support them to resolve the issues. We retain the right to suspend business until the 
issues are fully addressed and resolved. Additional information on non-conformi-
ties can be found below. In FY25, Starbucks has continued to expand its supply chain 
due diligence for manufactured goods and services by bringing more suppliers into 
the responsible sourcing program, including Tier 1 suppliers for critical international 
licensees. 
We work to partner with expert organizations to inform our work to address risks 
where we identify them. In FY25, our memberships with AIM-Progress and Retail In-
dustry Leaders Association included participation with other industry leaders in var-
ious working groups to collectively address human rights risks across supply chains. 
11
Stakeholder Engagement and Industry Collaboration
|  2025 Starbucks Modern Slavery Statement
• The Rainforest Alliance: The Rainforest Alliance is an international non-profit or-
ganization working at the intersection of business, agriculture, and forests to make 
responsible business the new normal. It aims to build an alliance to protect forests, 
improve the livelihoods of farmers and forest communities, promote their human 
rights, and help them mitigate and adapt to the climate crisis. In order to achieve 
and maintain Rainforest Alliance certification, farms must undergo annual audits 
against a rigorous standard with detailed environmental, economic, and social re-
quirements. The Rainforest Alliance 2020 certification program promotes an as-
sess-and-address  approach and grievance mechanism for tackling human rights 
issues. 
• This approach requires certificate holders to set up a committee responsible for 
assessing and mitigating risks of child labor, forced labor, discrimination, and 
workplace violence and harassment. The committee will monitor for signs of 
these violations and have access to training on how to remediate cases if identi-
fied through the Rainforest Alliance program. Additional information on Rainforest 
Alliance Certified cocoa is available here, and Rainforest Alliance Certified tea is 
available here.
• Ethical Tea Partnership. The Ethical Tea Partnership is a global membership organi-
zation that works to tackle tea’s most pressing issues across economics, equality, 
and the environment.
• Conservation International (CI): Starbucks has engaged with CI for more than 20 
years, developing and applying the set of environmental, social, and economic 
guidelines we use to source coffee. These guidelines, known as Coffee and Farmer 
Equity (C.A.F.E.) Practices, help us to evaluate and reward producers of high-qual-
ity, socially responsible and sustainably grown coffee.  In addition to C.A.F.E. Prac-
tices, our partnership goes beyond the coffee farm to incorporate steps designed 
to protect rich, surrounding landscapes. By piloting innovative projects with cof-
fee-growing communities, we are working to improve coffee production and con-
serve and restore natural forests. 
• International Cocoa Initiative (ICI): ICI works together with its members to inno-
vate, catalyze and support the development and scale-up of effective policies and 
practices that are designed to promote human rights and that prevent or remedi-
ate child labor and forced labor. 
12
2025 Starbucks Modern Slavery Statement   |
The following presentations contain forward‑looking statements.  Forward‑looking 
statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual 
results to differ materially from these statements and should be considered in con‑
junction with cautionary statements and risk factor discussions in our filings with the 
SEC, including our most recently filed periodic reports on Form 10‑K and Form 10‑ Q 
and subsequent filings.  Starbucks assumes no obligation to update any of these for‑
ward‑looking statements or information, which are made as of their respective dates.
• Swiss Platform for Sustainable Cocoa (SWISSCO): SWISSCO fosters collaboration 
between the cocoa and chocolate industry, the public sector, non-governmental 
organizations, and research institutes. Together, the members of the Cocoa Plat-
form actively engage to work to improve the living conditions of cocoa farmers, to 
protect natural resources, and to promote biodiversity in cocoa producing coun-
tries. Participation, partnership, and transparency contribute to a sustainable co-
coa value chain, for both present and future generations. 
• AIM-Progress: AIM-Progress is a network of fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) 
businesses that leads the way in responsible sourcing practices. The coalition fos-
ters collaboration and co-creation among member companies and with partner 
organizations. Members get practical support on industry human rights best prac-
tice, supplier engagement, and risk management. Together, as leaders in the FMCG 
sector, we co-create solutions for issues that are difficult to address individually
• Retail Industry Leaders Association (RILA): For more than 20 years, RILA members 
have implemented due diligence measures to support responsible manufacturing 
around the world. When we discover evidence of forced labor, RILA members work 
together to advance stronger protections for workers and better and safer work-
ing conditions around the world.
13
Forward Looking Statements
This statement is made pursuant to the requirements of Section 54 
of the UK Modern Slavery Act 2015; Section 9 of Canada’s Fighting 
Against Forced Labour and Child Labour in Supply Chains Act; and the 
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010, and constitutes 
our transparency in supply chain statement for Starbucks for the fiscal 
year ending 28 September 2025. 
Approval of this statement
This statement was approved by the Board of Starbucks EMEA Ltd on 
__________________[DATE] and the Board of Starbucks Coffee 
Company (UK) Ltd on __________________[DATE]
Signed,
Duncan Moir
president, Starbucks EMEA Ltd
Signed,
Alex Rayner
general manager, Starbucks 
Coffee Company (UK) Limited
24 March 2026
26 March 2026
|  2025 Starbucks Modern Slavery Statement14 |  2025 Starbucks Modern Slavery Statement
2025 Starbucks Modern Slavery Statement   |
15
This statement is made pursuant to the requirements of Section 54 
of the UK Modern Slavery Act 2015; Section 9 of Canada’s Fighting 
Against Forced Labour and Child Labour in Supply Chains Act; and the 
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010, and constitutes 
our transparency in supply chain statement for Starbucks for the fiscal 
year ending 28 September 2025. 
Approval of this statement
This statement was approved by the Board of Directors of Starbucks 
Coffee Canada, Inc. pursuant to Section 11(4)(a) of the Fighting Against 
Forced Labour and Child Labour in Supply Chains Act on 
__________________[DATE].
Signed,
Lori Digulla
director and senior vice president
Starbucks Coffee Canada
I have authority to bind Starbucks Coffee Canada, Inc.
